Add "login" parameter mapped to "sonar.login " and map "token" parameter to "sonar.token" (#69)
SonarSource/sonar-scanner-npm: README.md

* `parameters` *Map*
  * `serverUrl` *String* (optional) The URL of the SonarQube server. Defaults to http://localhost:9000

>   * `login` *String* (optional) The login used to connect to the SonarQube < 10 server. Empty by default.
>   * `token` *String* (optional) The token used to connect to the SonarQube >= 10/SonarCloud server. Empty by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `login` *String* (optional) The login used to connect to the SonarQube server up to version 9. Empty by default.
  * `token` *String* (optional) The token used to connect to the SonarQube server v10+ or SonarCloud. Empty by default.
```
